[AST-72] Add md file (#44)
Azure-Sphere-Tools/azsphere-hardware-definition-tools: vscode-extension/VSCODE_EXTENSION.md

  >- The imported file can not be found.

  > When an app_manifest file is open and the partner application has been detected, the following types of conflicts are generated for diagnostic information.
  >- The same pin is used mutiple times in cross applications.
  >- The pin happen the pin block conflict in cross applications.

- Pin mapping suggestion for hardware definition files. <span id='PinSuggestion'></span>

  > When filling in the Peripherals Pin Mapping, the user can move the cursor behind the Mapping and press **CTRL + ESC** to get the suggestion of all available pins.
  

- Language server command to request available pin mappings <span id='PinMappingGeneration'></span>

  > Add pin mappings automatically by running the following command from a hardware definition file: azsphere-hardware-definition-tolls.generatePinMappings

- Header file generation automatically after hardware definition be changed. <span id='HeaderGeneration'></span>

  > When saving hardware definition files, C header files will be automatically generated through the Azure Sphere CLI.

- Hardware definition files port to different underlying hardware. <span id='Porting'></span>

>   > When the server receives a porting request with the paths to the app level/ODM level hw  definitions, a ported app level hw definition will be generated to a new file. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  > If you've written a hardware definition file for a given dev board/layout and would like to support another one, you can automatically port your existing hardware definition instead of rewriting it from scratch. To do so:
```

  > 1. Run the following command through the VS Code command palette while the current file is a hardware definition file: azsphere-hardware-definition-tools.porting
  > 2. Select the target hardware definition file needed to port.

>   > 3. Select a existing hardware definition from the Azure Sphere SDK or a customized one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  > 3. Select a hardware definition to port to from the Azure Sphere SDK or a customized one.
```

  > 4. A new file will then be generated based on the currently open hardware definition file with all of the mappings updated to match the hardware definition which has been ported to.

>   

Reviewer: - Add name of developers who worked on the extension and mention that it was made in collaboration with Microsoft.
- Add link to github project
